[Docs] Fix broken external links (#16493)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/04_Assets/03_Working_with_Thumbnails/01_Image_Thumbnails.md

to RGB.

Due licensing issues Pimcore doesn't include the color profiles (\*.icc files) in the download package, but

> you can download them for free here: [Adobe ICC Profiles](https://www.adobe.com/digitalimag/adobergb.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can download them for free here: [Adobe ICC Profiles](https://www.adobe.com/support/downloads/iccprofiles/iccprofiles_win.html)
```
